---
layout: post
title: Lab Report 07
---
## This week (May 18-25):
* The sensors and microprocessor were wired up and tested with battery power.  This was a success.
* One problem: the PM sensor is apparently extremely sensitive to light.  If the sensor is not in a dark environment, the readings become junk.  We will try to address this:
  * Check if the uncut-PM sensor has the same issues.  If not, enlarge the housing to hold the uncut-PM sensor.
    * Update (5/25/15, 11:30 PM): The cut-PM sensor was swapped out with the uncut-PM sensor.  The first five datapoints from       the sensor did not make sense, but the following 100+ datapoints were all within reason.  This suggests that there were       some bad values in the accuulator on the onboard DSP chip, likely thermally induced during the soldering proccess.  All       subsequent values are within reason, even after rebooting the sensor.
    * The PM sensor's data is inherently noisy as it uses an optical method coupled with a high gain amplifier.  To mitigate       this, the Arduino takes 15 PM samples and reports the average to the Android phone.
  * Change the air flow from a straight path to a curved one.  This would block direct light while allowing some air through
* The Android app was merged (Bluetooth and front end)
  * The [front end](https://github.com/amberMZ/atomSPHERE) was merged piece by piece into the [Bluetooth projct](https://github.com/kaysoky/PREvent/tree/android).
    * The grid-view for 24 hours of data was removed (the grid was a mockup; incomplete, therefore removed)
    * The grid-view for 24 hours was replaced with a moving average of 24 hours.
  * The full app is tested and debugged (with mocked sensors from the Arduino side, for convenience)
    * The phone used was the Infocus M210.
    * We will load the app on the Samsung Galaxy S4 and Huawei Honor 3X this week.
  * Remaining improvements include:
    * Saving sensor data locally in case the WiFi connection is lost
    * Adding appropriate Toasts for various levels of particulates/VOC/humidity
* TODO: Jay, what did you do?
* first draft of Product Requirements Document complete
