---
layout: post
title: Lab Report 06
---
## This week (May 11-18):
* The wiring and mechanican housing for our wearable was worked upon. Pictures for the updated mechanical housing can be found [here](https://github.com/kaysoky/PREvent/issues/6).
  * This still requires a few short iterations to tweak the size and fit of the components.
* We managed to get a total of 4 Android phones this week.
  * HTC Desire 600 <- This one arrived on Tuesday.  However, the API level of this phone is not sufficient.  And the HTC OpenSense SDK is broken (see [attempt at building/running](https://github.com/kaysoky/PREvent/tree/htc)).  We abandoned work on this phone after the other phones were obtained.
  * Samsung Galaxy S4 <- This one arrived on Friday.  Unfortunately, this phone could not be detected as "online" by the computer.  The API level is sufficient, so we will use this phone in the final week.
  * Huawei Honor 3X <- This one arrived on Saturday.  Unfortunately, this phone cannot be detected by the computer (USB driver is made-in-China quality).  The API level is sufficient, so we will use this phone in the final week.
  * Infocus M210 <- We got this one on a loan from Joseph's dad on Sunday (he was overseas before then).  We will be debugging on this phone since it has no connectivity issues.  The Bluetooth functionality of our existing code was confirmed working with this phone.
* Map UI takes in data
* Map UI + Timeline plot should be up and running
* Android app remade with a "Material UI" design for better user experience
